[Music]
wearing his the star is a very
proud moment very proud sight for us
wearing turban is
it's part of the sikh values
it's a symbol and it's an icon of
sixsome and
everything it stands for
[Music]
to be a sikh it's standing up for
egalitarianism
it's standing up for
equality he's standing up for
defense of the weak and the vulnerable
it's a sense of just being a good person
in general
and that's not just through religious
light that's through
a sense of duty to your community
[Music]
as soon as i put on my turban i feel
like i'm
in the uniform i'm in the uniform that
we
seeks wear to perform their duty
it's like work shoes putting them on
makes you work a lot harder than
uh working at home in bed in bethlehem
[Music]
all followers of the sikh faith wore a
turban
both men and women to show that all are
equal
[Music]
the beauty of sikhi is it's based on
equality so it doesn't matter what your
gender is or your sex is or your races
or your wealth status
it doesn't matter like you are all equal
doesn't matter you're male or female
whatever the rules are
all the guidances or the commands are
it's applicable to both
men and women and that's the beauty of
our outward
uniform as well i guess the start is
both there for men and women of all ages
and it just gives you that
self-confidence that gravitas
i tried to copy my dad's the style
it suits him down to a tea like he just
looks amazing
i i don't look that sexy like i
genuinely don't that's not fair
um but then as cheesy as it sounds
wearing this i feel that
same level of confidence and freedom
that's that and that's the most
important thing freedom of not actually
caring about what people think i am or
what i look like it's just like i'm
happy
and i think that's quite important but
that's only been recently about what
four years i would say so
it takes time what we know about the
gurus
is through the way they behaved they
practiced like a householder's life
you work you know you have a family and
you care about the environment but you
also
care about the people that live in this
world and part of living in this world
is
is having somebody that you are
partnered with and that you live with
and that you experience life together